{Chess- A two-player strategy board game played on a chessboard, a checkered board 
with 64 squares arranged in an 8×8 grid. Played by millions of people worldwide, 
chess is believed to be derived from the Indian game chaturanga sometime before 
the 7th century. Chaturanga is also the likely ancestor of the East Asian strategy 
games xiangqi (Chinese chess), janggi (Korean chess), and shogi (Japanese chess). 
Chess reached Europe via Persia and Arabia by the 9th century, due to the Umayyad 
conquest of Hispania. The queen and bishop assumed their current movements in the 
Kingdom of Valencia (modern Spain) in the late 15th century, and the modern rules 
were standardized in the 19th century.  Made popular recently by Netflix.}
{Board Games- Board Games have a central board that a player's position can be 
tracked in relation to other players. Board games often have tokens or avatars 
that represent the player. For example, the racing car or the hat tokens in Monopoly, 
and tokens used to represent a player's position in Snakes and Ladders.}
{Home Escape Rooms-Escape-the-room games are one of the fastest growing sensations
 in America!  You are trapped in a room with your friends, family, or co-workers 
and the only way to escape is by solving riddles, cracking codes, and discovering
secret objects.  As fun as these are, they are pricey...often close to $100 for 
a group of 4 for only an hour of entertainment.  In addition, once you've done 
one...you can't do it again.  Now you can bring all of the fun of an escape room 
into your own home...with a different adventure delivered every other month.  
Imagine escaping from a pirate ship, unraveling alien languages, solving murder 
mysteries, and defusing time bombs all from your own living room.   Work with your 
friends and family to crack codes, solve riddles, and discover hidden items all 
while in a beautifully crafted story delivered every other month to you ... all 
for the price of of just one person's ticket at a regular escape room.}
{Murder Paries- These are party games in which one of the party-goers is secretly playing 
a murderer, and the other attendees must determine who among them is the criminal. 
In some styles of game, the murderer may be aware that they are the killer and in 
other games the murderer discovers this along with the other participants. Murder 
mystery games may involve the actual 'murders' of guests throughout the game, or 
may open with a 'death' and have the rest of the time devoted to investigation.
 Dinner party murder mystery games are generally played with small groups of 
individuals, e.g. 6-20. Murder mystery events for larger groups are usually run 
for numbers between 20 and 250 attendees, though events can be run with 400+ in 
attendance.}
{Educational Games- The best way for a child to learn is through hands-on 
experience and fun. Board games are capable of increasing a child’s brain power 
and skills while being able to spend much-needed quality time with the family.}